## cardano-p2p

A CLI application to update Cardano node topologies

### Synopsis

Shelley has been launched without peer-to-peer (p2p) node discovery so that means we will need to manually add trusted nodes in order to configure our topology. This is a critical step as skipping this step will result in your minted blocks being orphaned by the rest of the network.

cardano-p2p is a CLI application used to send and receive node updates. It can be used as an alternative
to api.clio.one service.

Peer to peer node updates should not require external services. All Cardano node pool metadata information is written and signed in the blockchain.
The cardano-p2p application leverages and verifies pool information in the blockchain
and uses this data to produce valid topology files. Therefore, it does not have to communicate with
external services to receive and produce topology files.

The cardano-p2p application is run as a pod in cardano-charts for Kubernetes.

### Options

```
      --config string   config file (default is $HOME/.cardano-p2p.yaml)
  -h, --help            help for cardano-p2p
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cardano-p2p completion](cardano-p2p_completion.md)	 - generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
* [cardano-p2p fetch](cardano-p2p_fetch.md)	 - Connects to api.clio.one or similar service to fetch a list of cardano nodes.
* [cardano-p2p p2p](cardano-p2p_p2p.md)	 - Run p2p service
* [cardano-p2p push](cardano-p2p_push.md)	 - Connects to api.clio.one or similar service to push our Cardano ledger tip..
* [cardano-p2p subscribe](cardano-p2p_subscribe.md)	 - Subscribe to Cardano node topology updates

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 6-Feb-2022
